What type of architecture does the HTTP request and response process occur in?
Basic architecture which includes websever,database, and webclient.


What parts make up an HTTP request?
Method,path,header, and version of the protocol


What is the optional part of an HTTP request?
The body is the optional part.


What three parts make up an HTTP response?
request line, the headers, and the body

Which number class of status codes represent errors?
404,403,500,503, and 504.


What are the two most common request methods that a security professional will come across?
DDoS attack and Cross Site Scripting 


Which type of HTTP request method is used for sending data?
GET


Which part of an HTTP request contains the data being sent to the server?
The body 


In which part of an HTTP response would the browser receive the web code to generate and style a web page?
The body 

What are the advantages of using curl over the browser?
Its useful for non-interactive scripts to access sites that require logins. Also With curl you can also pass HTTP headers, cookies and authentication information.


Which curl option is used to change the request method?
Preform a HTTP POST request.


Which curl option is used to set request headers?
Curl -H is used to set the header.



Which curl option is used to view the response header?
curl -i is used to view the response


Which request method might an attacker use to scope out usable HTTP requests that an HTTP server will accept?
THe attacker could use a GET request.



Which response header sends a cookie to the client?




Which request header sets a cookie in the client?



What was the request method?
POST


Was the request encrypted or unencrypted?
unencrypted


Does the request have a user session associated to it?
No



What kind of data is being sent from this request body?
Login information

What was the response status code?
200


Was the response encrypted or unencrypted?
encryted


Does this response have a user session associated to it?
This seems to be cross site scripting

What kind of content is likely to be in the [page content] response body?
Encryyed data would be inside.



If your class covered security headers, what security request headers have been included?




Monoliths and Microservices
Answer the following questions about monoliths and microservices:


What are the individual components of microservices called?


What is a service that writes to a database and communicates to other services?


What type of underlying technology allows for microservices to become scalable and have redundancy?



Container Vulnerability Filtering
Answer the following questions about vulnerability filtering Trivy scans with jq:


Do microservices share the same kind of vulnerabilities as regular operating systems?


Would an organization be more concerned with Low severity vulnerabilities as much as Critical?


Would the bash tool jq be useful in finding certain kinds of vulnerabilities within a vulnerability report?



Deploying and Testing a Container Set
Answer the following questions about multi-container deployment:


What is a tool that can be used to deploy multiple containers at once?


What kind of file format was required for us to deploy a container set?



Container Runtime Intrusion Detection Systems


What is a tool used to actively detects intrusion behavior within containers?


What high-value system file might an intruder view that would trigger a sensitive file opening alert?


What kind of intruder action might trigger an alert from a container IDS that says shell configuration file has been modified?
